End-User License Agreement (EULA) of Synergy

This End-User License Agreement ("EULA") is a legal agreement between you and Symless (Symless Ltd. and Symless, Inc.)

This EULA agreement governs your acquisition and use of our Synergy software ("Software") directly from Symless or indirectly through a Symless authorized reseller or distributor (a "Reseller").

Please read this EULA agreement carefully before purchasing, completing the installation process and using the Synergy software. It provides a license to use the Synergy software without warranty or liability.

By clicking "accept" or installing and/or using the Synergy software, you are confirming your acceptance of the Software and agreeing to become bound by the terms of this EULA agreement.

If you are entering into this EULA agreement on behalf of a company or other legal entity, you represent that you have the authority to bind such entity and its affiliates to these terms and conditions. If you do not have such authority or if you do not agree with the terms and conditions of this EULA agreement, do not install or use the Software, and you must not accept this EULA agreement.

This EULA agreement shall apply only to the Software supplied by Symless herewith regardless of whether other software is referred to or described herein. The terms also apply to any Symless updates, supplements, Internet-based services, and support services for the Software, unless other terms accompany those items on delivery. If so, those terms apply.

If you are installing the Synergy software on hardware belonging to a business or organization, then you must purchase the Synergy Business subscription with the exception of organizations in the medical industry that are eligible for the Synergy promotion related to COVID-19.

The COVID-19 Synergy Pro Aid License may only be used in direct connection with assisting in the COVID-19 response effort. This license expires within one year (365 days) from your acceptance or approval date. After this time period, you will need to contact us to purchase a license in order to continue using Synergy for other purposes.

This EULA agreement does not apply to any open source components that the Synergy software makes use of, referring only to proprietary components developed by Symless.
License Grant

Symless hereby grants you a non-transferable, non-exclusive licence to use the Synergy software on your devices in accordance with the terms of this EULA agreement.

You are permitted to load the Synergy software (for example a PC, laptop, mobile or tablet) under your control. You are responsible for ensuring your device meets the minimum requirements of the Synergy software.

With exception to open-source components, you are not permitted to:

    Edit, alter, modify, adapt, translate or otherwise change the whole or any part of the Software nor permit the whole or any part of the Software to be combined with or become incorporated in any other software, nor decompile, disassemble or reverse engineer the Software or attempt to do any such things
    Reproduce, copy, distribute, resell or otherwise use the Software for any commercial purpose without express permission from Symless
    Allow any third party to use the Software on behalf of or for the benefit of any third party
    Use the Software in any way which breaches any applicable local, national or international law
    Use the Software for any purpose that Symless considers is a breach of this EULA agreement

Intellectual Property and Ownership

With exception to open-source components, Symless shall at all times retain ownership of the Software as originally downloaded by you and all subsequent downloads of the Software by you. The Software (and the copyright, and other intellectual property rights of whatever nature in the Software, including any modifications made thereto) are and shall remain the property of Symless.

Symless reserves the right to grant licences to use the Software to third parties.
Termination

This EULA agreement is effective from the date you first use the Software and shall continue until terminated. You may terminate it at any time upon written notice to Symless.

It will also terminate immediately if you fail to comply with any term of this EULA agreement. Upon such termination, the licenses granted by this EULA agreement will immediately terminate and you agree to stop all access and use of the Software. The provisions that by their nature continue and survive will survive any termination of this EULA agreement.
Governing Law and Jurisdication

This EULA agreement and any dispute arising out of or in connection with this EULA agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of England and Wales. The parties submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales in respect of any action, proceedings, or disputes out of or in connection with this Agreement or its formation or validity.
